Ali Awad, ARTHIST 354/354G

.ve-header "Unnatural Proportions" gh:AliAwad21/media/README/big_guy.jpg
 Jose Bedia is known for his explorations of the human anatomy through nonnaturalistic depictions. This essay works to understand why He does this, and to what extent drives his art and the decisions therein. 
 
** Ya Viene**
.ve-annotate
.ve-media https://data.artmuseum.princeton.edu/iiif/objects/40042
**annotations**
 Since the annoation function is not working, I will just write where the annotations are supposed to go. 1) is the text of ya viene to the head on the far left saying it, ya viene means "its comming" in spanish. this is most likley in rerefence to as already described, Western and European views of Natives, and other people of the third world, and native art being dehumanizing. 1) is the text of ya viene to the head on the far left saying it, ya viene means "its comming" in spanish. this is most likley in rerefence to as already described, Western and European views of Natives, and other people of the third world, and native art being dehumanizing. is the text of ya viene to the head on the far left saying it, ya viene means "its comming" in spanish. this is most likley in rerefence to as already described, Western and European views of Natives, and other people of the third world, and native art being dehumanizing.is the text of ya viene to the head on the far left saying it, ya viene means "its comming" in spanish. this is most likley in rerefence to as already described, Western and European views of Natives, and other people of the third world, and native art being dehumanizing. 2) the head of the main person. this is most likley in reference to some native american head wear of a wolf pelt, this is shown more clearly in other art from Josie bedia, 3) the frills underneath the head this further is more evidence of the wolf pelt as it resembles fur, especially with the soft brushing of the charcoal. 4) the muscles of the leg of the main person, this disrporportionate form and monsterous proportions is in reference to the european again and the dehumanization of natives, the person as we see them is seen through the eyes of the european. 5) the box the person is surrounded in, this is most likely a bentwood box, a form of native art, art that is viewed upon again by europeans as less civilized. this attitude is perceived as "technological vanity." by Jose Bedia.

**Ya Viene** portrays a native person surrounded in their art and culture and portrayed to us in a monsterous and terrifying and disproportionate in form. this form however in reality is the European's view as shown to the far left, who claims ""its" coming.". The word "its" gives us an understanding of the europeans view of the native person. Of their art and culture. To Jose Bedia, he takes from multiple sources of art. From latin american to native and african, from opressed people, from people whos art is shunned by traditional art establishments. This snobbish/elitist and ultimatly racist view of art is to Jose bedia "technological vanity". 

.ve-media https://youtu.be/2VA7IN1DI9o?si=xc8sDgfG5qhihslI&t=50